six too young six too young is here baby
and I'm gonna take care yeah
Thursday start out with a bang heat
humidity moonlight all the elements in
place for a long weekend I was good at
my job
for appearance when my hands move with
the speed and skill beyond
how long have you been doing this five
years wow you must have seen some things
huh
but in the last year I'd started to lose
their control I mean seeing that girl
you ever notice people see things always
crazy look I just needed a few slow
nights followed by a couple of days off
double shooting 41st tonight what
happened a chest pain difficulty
breathing
wretched hands don't even slow down just
keep on moving well he loves me Chris
you have the power Jesus doctors yeah
this worthless man damn you guys are
good I'm on my way out any time now
nobody gets vibes uh looking at me
you swore that you'd fire me if I came
in late again you swore it before I'll
fire you tomorrow little man's a bus
driver mom a nurse sort of born to it I
guess number one don't get involved with
patients daughters you understand our
mission to save life pass off help
others and you help yourself
that was my motto I understood how crazy
was to think this way then something
good will happen everything just clouds
here's to the greatest job in the world
right are you okay never felt better in
my life how are you I'm good good
you